###Image -1.png
1. In the image 1.png we are 10.0.0.5 we want to send a get request to 10.0.0.5:80. Here the port number is 
80 which means that we want to access the http on the server. 

###Image-2.png
2. In the image2.png, tera described various levels of the OSI model. Let us talk each layer in detail. 

3. First of all we at A(10.0.0.5) wants to send a get request to the server at C. So we make a get request by 
embeding all the http , headers cookies. And make a long string of a get request this is the work of application 
layer. 

4. Then presentation layer is responsible for encrypting the long string of a get request. If it is https then 
this layer is a must. Because in https encryption is a major factor. 

5. In the session layer a special session ID is created for identification a unique relation ship between the 
server and client. 

6. Then this long string is broken down into the packets and are appended by the headers which are majorly the 
port numbers .in the image 2.png 80 is the http port number of the server and 123 is the port number of the client. 

7. In the network layer the packets formed during the transport layer are embedded  by two headers which are 
IP addresses . One is the IP address of the destination and another is the IP address of source. 

8. Then in the data link layer without concerning about any information preservation we are breaking down the 
network packet into smaller frames and each set of frame has two headers that is Mac address of the destination 
and MAC address of source. In case we do not know the Mac address of the destination we use the arp protocol to 
get it. Protocol help us to get the Mac address from the IP address. Even we had a checksum in it to be sure 
about the integrity of the packet received. 

9. In the physical layer we try to convert everything into the bits of zero and one. And this is a physical 
layer which can be even Wi-Fi aur Ethernet and transport it router.

### image-3.png 

10. Now the prepared bits by the physical layer is being transported to the router but yet the most important 
point the bits are transferred electronically and in the case of the Wi-Fi it is transferred by the radio waves. 
So the bits do not know the destination where it should go. So what is happened is the bits go to each and every 
device connected to the Wi-Fi. So when be receives the bits it converts it to the data link layer and it observes 
that it is for the sea MAC address and not for being and this is done by the network interface card. 

11. Similarly E and B both identifies that it is not for them also. 

12. Device see received the bits and converts it to the data link layer an observes that there is C mic address 
in the data link layer and hence it is converted to the network layer packets and finally to the session layer 
and finally to the application layer where it gets the GET request. Here our node server will be hit by an API. 

13. So as we saw that each and every device was getting our bits, so it becomes very clear that any device known 
of our Encryption Algorithm which was used in the presentation layer has the ability to decrypted and get our 
information. So that's why it is said that when we connect to the Wi-Fi the router or any other person can get 
our information.

14. Not every time every device get the information packet it is only happened in the Wi- there is some concept of 
unique cast and multicast. Where We previously decide do you want to send the packets to a single machine or a 
multiple machine. But in the case of Wi-Fi every other device gets our information packets.