TCP and udp work at the transport layer of the OSI network model

####TCP(Transmission control protocol)

image-1

Pros of TCP
1. It is used to send a message from Once our to another server by using the IP address and port number. 
    What happens sometimes would get deleted 
2. Acknowledgement :- whenever we send a message to the server we are always guaranteed of getting the 
    acknowledgement from the server that it received it. 
3. Guaranteed delivery :- so as you previously discussed there is always an acknowledgement given by the server to 
    the client so is means that there is always the guaranteed delivery. It may not happened that the packets didn't 
    received there. 
4. Connection based :- tCP is a connection based protocol that is everything is happening the connection is always 
    preserved. Client has made a connection with the server and the server also had made a connection with the client 
    and this connection is preserved by the session layer of the OSI model. 
5. Congestion control :- TCP also in inbuilt managers the traffic of packetsin the network. What is the amount of 
    the maximum packets to enter the network so that it doesn't get halt, this is the main responsibility of the DCB 
    protocol. 
6. Ordered packets :- the packets made by the TCP protocol is always ordered. Because over the internet the packets 
    are to be received it is guaranteed but the order of the packet can be jumbled. So if the packets are ordered it 
    can be rearranged by the server and get the information.


disadvantages of the TCP protocol
1. Larger packets :- has been need to store a lot of information about the congestion control,ordered packets as 
    well as extra information for the acknowledgement. In doing all that the size of the packet become larger. 
2. More bandwidth :- as the packets become larger it requires more bandwidth to send the packets and receive it 
    as well. 
3. Slower than udp. 
4. Stateful :- latest first understand water statefullness is. Statefulness means if you are running a server and 
    some client has established TCP connection with your server, if you are able to shutdown your server and again 
    restart the server and your client is able to talk to the server without any disturbance then it is stateless. If 
    the server cannot respond to the client because all the connections which were happened lost due to restart of the 
    server is called as staightful server. By state means the server is storing that all DCP connections inside a stack 
    in the main memory and whenever they are lost it cannot established the relation between the client. 
5. Server memory/ denial of service:- as we have seen that it is a stateful server that is it stores the TCP 
    connections inside the main memory stack. If any person decides to make DCP connection to a server and again 
    make DCP connection to a server many times, the server can a day in a denial of service attack in such a things 
    as the main memory can be full and the server can be out of service.


######udp - image-2.png

advantages and disadvantages are just opposite of each other/

1. Udp is very scalable, because of its statelessness.